mmm
so the ion Micro Titanium still weighs
in at 45 grams or 1.5 ounces it's very
lightweight it's very small you have the
burner on the top that pumps out 8900
BTUs then you have the canister screw on
the bottom and then a valve on the side
to increase or decrease the amount of
fuel the wings on the side just simply
extend and then you can set a pot on the
top and adjust your flame with the
adjustment nozzle on the side
you can see how tiny it is when compared
to a standard sized bic lighter now you
guys know I'm a big fan of bio stoves
and I use wood-burning stoves most of
the time when I'm out in the woods but
sometimes if I just want to boil up a
quick 2 cups of water for a mountain
house or a backpackers pantry meal or
any dehydrated meal a gas stove works
very fast and it's much quicker than
preparing a wood fire and boiling your
water that way or if you're in an area
where you can't start a fire or maybe
you're you know a mountain climber and
you're up on a rock face and there's no
materials to build you know a wood fire
for a bio stove canister stoves are the
way to go again generally I don't use
anything but a bio stove I don't carry
gas canisters with me but for a survival
pack or a bug-out bag in an urban
environment they're the perfect way to
go so they also sent along one of their
space saver mugs now this will nest with
a clean canteen or a Nalgene and it's
perfect for using with a canister stove
for dehydrated meals it takes 24 ounces
to the top and usually you just need 2
cups for a dehydrated meal so 16 ounces
and you're ready to go the space saver
mug also comes with a nice little stuff
sack and the stove itself comes with its
own little stuff sack as well so we just
take the stove and then you can screw it
on to any camping gas canister make sure
that the nozzle is turned all the way
off and also make sure your canister and
stove is on a level surface or your pot
will stay stable on the top so one nice
thing about this space saver mugs that
has the graduation marks on the inside
very handy
when using a pot of this size so most
dehydrated meals take two cups or 16
ounces so I'm just going to fill this up
with 16 ounces of water right there now
one thing that this space saver mug
doesn't come with is a top and obviously
water is going to boil a whole lot
faster with a top but I'm going to boil
without the top just to see how long it
takes turn on the nozzle here very easy
to light
and we'll crank it all the way up and
see how long it takes
so we're just about at a rolling boil
here and it took about six minutes a
little over six minutes now I know I
could cut that time in half if it had a
lid but still not bad for a tiny little
stove all right so let's do this again
and this time I'm going to do it inside
where there's no wind and I'm going to
use a lid now I don't recommend anyone
try this inside but we're going to go
ahead and do so just so I can see the
quickest that it could boil two cups of
water
three minute mark and we're at a rolling
boil
so
so three minutes about half the time and
ideal conditions so I hope you guys
enjoyed that review today of the Ali
Camp titanium ion micro stove it's
awesome little stove it's going in my
bug-out bag it's perfect for backpackers
hikers campers you know perfect for
survival kits bug-out bags it might even
fit in an Altoids tin I'm not sure but
it's definitely tiny definitely very
lightweight and definitely works very
very well the valve is very good on it
I've used some other cheap you know
little pocket stoves like that and the
valve ends up not working very good it's
hard to adjust this the pot supports are
very Wiggly and things like that it's a
solid piece of titanium was with
stainless steel pot supports and it's so
it's very rugged and it seems to hold up
really well the multiple times that I've
used it the anodized space saver mug
from Ali campus cool as well I like the
graduation marks in there they're very
handy to have when boiling water for
dehydrated meals the gas canister slips
right inside and then you can flip the
little stove in its little stuff sack
and put that right inside as well and it
makes a cool portable little cook set so
guys give this video a big thumbs up
make sure you leave me some comments
below I do try to answer all the
comments that come in on my videos and
if you haven't subscribed to my channel
make sure you do for more videos what's
up guys ben from living survival and
this is the ollie camp it's got a little
valve here that you just and a valve on
the side to increase or decrease
sometimes you just want to boil up some
water very quickly the I am again
generally I don't